Throughout the rest of this course,
we will be demonstrating automated testing principles by applying
them to a simple hotel reservation application built following a
microservices architectural pattern.
If you're unfamiliar with the term microservices,
it's an architectural pattern of building small,
domain-bounded,
and independently-deployable services that communicate over a lightweight API.
A common practice is to have microservices
communicating via JSON over a RESTful API.
The goal of microservices is to allow businesses to
more easily scale horizontally, as the unit of scale is smaller,
if there's heavy demand, to look up say,
bookings,
it is easier and cheaper to spin up an additional booking service instance
to meet demand than to have to spin up an additional instance of a
monolithic application that performs all booking,
customer, and room functionality.
Microservices, being independently deployable,
also allow for easier replacement of services as they
become obsolete or out of date.
The drawback to microservices is they require a
more mature DevOps infrastructure, they have heavy network traffic,
which could lead to latency issues,
and the overall architecture might be more difficult to understand.
I'm using a microservice application as a demonstration for automated testing,
as it offers more interesting test case scenarios,
also as microservices are an increasingly popular architectural pattern,
this course can also double as an introduction to microservices.
Let's take a brief overview of what this application will look like,
and review some of the terminology to make sure we're on the same page.
Looking at the diagram from left to right,
first we have the SPA, or single-page application.
The SPA comprises the UI through which users interact with the application.
As this course is primarily focused on testing in Spring,
we won't dive too deeply into the subject of SPAs.
Next, we have the API gateway.
The API gateway offers a point of abstraction between the client,
in our case a SPA, and the back-end services.
Fundamentally,
the API gateway exists so the SPA doesn't become too aware of back-end details,
which would prevent the back end from revolving and
changing as business needs change.
The gateway API can also offer other benefits like security,
load balancing, and light orchestration.
Light orchestration is the manipulation of models to be in a
more convenient form for the client to handle.
Next is a service registry.
In a monolithic architecture in which there is a limited number
of instances of an application in a region,
and a limited number of applications overall,
it can be practical, if cumbersome,
to put the information needed to connect to these
applications in a configuration file.
In our demo, this would also be possible,
but in a real-world microservices application in which there might be
dozens of different services and multiple instances of a service
possibly spinning up in response to client demand,
it's no longer practical to keep such information in a property file.
Registry services like Neflix's Eureka are designed to fill this gap.
A registry service has two parts, a client and a server.
The server portion is highlighted,
but all the other boxes with dotted lines pointing to
the service registry include a client.
The client is designed at startup to self-register with a service registry.
The instant a customer service is spun up,
it will call to the service registry and say,
I am a customer service and I reside at this address.
The service registry will respond to the customer service by returning a
list of types of services available and where they reside.
This customer service, if it needs to call the booking service,
will use this information to determine where to route the call to.
Finally, we have the RESTful services.
These are the actual domain-bounded contexts mentioned
earlier in a definition of microservice.
These services actually provide the business value of the application.
Strictly speaking,
a microservice does not have to use REST to communicate; however,
REST is a common choice as the protocol has become very
popular and significant tooling has been developed to
support designing RESTful APIS.
If you're interested in learning more about domain-bounded contexts,
I would highly recommend Eric Evans' book,
Domain-Driven Design.
There is also a highly-reviewed domain-driven design course on Pluralsight by Julie Lerman and Steve Smith that covers the book.